If this feels fast for you,
that's totally normal.
I would encourage to re-watch it and
try to do these things first,
and then watch how I do it.
I know this is a little bit hard in
real time, but the more you practice,
the easier it gets, I promise.
>> There's some back chatter about
somebody is newer to the industry, and
they're trying to figure out how much do
I read about all the latest techniques
versus looking at obviously they're
here learning the fundamentals.
And yeah, in general I just said it's
fine to be watching videos like this and
reading as long as you're balancing
it out with actually coding.
Because you have to put your hands
on this stuff and build things.
Otherwise, you don't know that you
actually know it even though you
might know about it.
>> Yeah,
it's all about deductive reasoning, right?
To be able to learn something, the theory
of something and then extrapolate
that into being able to solve a different
kind of problem you've never seen.
So I'd recommend also like look
at some more simple websites and
read the code for that.
And if you see something you aren't
sure how, like what it means,
what it does, go for it, Google it.
And then there's a really
cool website called Dribbble,
where designers can go post mock-ups for
things and designs for things.
So if you want to do like landing page.
It's gonna make me sign in I think, okay.
Let's say you find a random landing page,
right?
Take one of these designs and
see if you can code it.
How would you start, right?
>> What did you call that, the site?
>> It's called Dribbble.
It has one, two, three bs,
Dribbble with three bs.
>> I'm sorry, what was that site
you mentioned that was good for
designing besides Figma,
you said it was interactive?
>> Framer X
>> Or Framer, I guess it's called now.
So design and
ship your dream site, zero code.
They're doing a lot of stuff.
Admittedly, I haven't looked at
what they've done in a while, but
it looks pretty similar to Figma in many
ways, but you can export react components.
I definitely recommend checking them out.
>> That's frame what?
>> Framer, really good for
interactive prototyping.
Okay.
>> There's a question.
For CSS, would you start with Sass or
less for a small site?
>> Me personally, I'm at the point where
I would start with CSS because for me,
I can look at something now and
pull out the property value pairs.
If you're new and Sass is more comfortable
for you, I would say go for it.
I remember when I was learning Sass
in the beginning, so that stands for
Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets.
If you have not heard of Sass,
I'll bring up the website.
It is a CSS preprocessor that gives
you the ability to create mixins or
functions that you can include
in things or nest elements.
This was astronomically confusing for me.
I sat in my IBM training.
We had a boot camp and
they were just diving into Sass and
I sat there like,
what the heck is going on?
I have no idea what's going on.
So, me personally, I always recommend
starting with the foundations.
I think it'll be a little
bit easier to pick up.
It's more primitive, and
then once you understand those things,
Sass can be quite powerful